Update Bug Report and Pull Request templates (#1612)
su2code/SU2: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---

*If this is a general question or difficulty building/using the code, please open a "Discussion" instead.*

> **Describe the bug**
> *Give a clear and concise description of what the bug is and what you expect the behavior to be instead. Please provide enough instructions and data for a developer to reproduce the problem (config, mesh, commands, etc.).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Describe the bug**
*Give a clear and concise description of what the bug is and what you expect the behavior to be instead. Please provide enough instructions and data for a developer to reproduce the problem (config, mesh, commands, etc.). Please provide the smallest working example that reproduces the problem.*
```

> **Bug report checklist**
> *There are common problems that are usually solved by:*
> 
> - [ ] Consulting the build instructions (https://su2code.github.io/docs_v7/Build-SU2-Linux-MacOS/).
> - [ ] Looking for similar problems on GitHub or CFD-Online (https://www.cfd-online.com/Forums/su2/).
> - [ ] Updating to the newest version of SU2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Bug report checklist**
*Please make sure that you have followed the checklist below, many common problems can be solved by:*

- [ ] Consulting the build instructions (https://su2code.github.io/docs_v7/Build-SU2-Linux-MacOS/).
- [ ] Looking for similar problems on GitHub or CFD-Online (https://www.cfd-online.com/Forums/su2/).
- [ ] Updating to the newest version of SU2 (either develop, master, or the pre-built executables https://su2code.github.io/download.html).
```
